[Cosmos] Update how-to-setup-rbac.md for Python (#91210)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cosmos-db/how-to-setup-rbac.md

});
```

### In Python

> The Azure Cosmos DB RBAC is currently supported in the [Python SDK V4.3.0b4](sql-api-sdk-python.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure Cosmos DB RBAC is supported in the [Python SDK versions 4.3.0b4](sql-api-sdk-python.md) and higher.
```

```python

> aad_credentials = ClientSecretCredential(

Author: I saw the section mentioned that the examples show the use of ClientSecretCredential, but in Python we also have the DefaultAzureCredential() - that's beyond the scope of this document right?

Reviewer: Is ClientSecretCredential what customers primarily use? If so, we should show that example as part of this to match the other SDK examples.
I see a customer [request ](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/issues/21663) we had for AAD used ClientSecretCredential

Reviewer 2: Really depends on the use-case. I suggest we stick with ClientSecretCredential for the sake of consistency with the other samples.
